Third Master, although you are a family member
But you can't just throw me out of the house with a word
This is the rule of expulsion
There are three felonies to be evicted
This first
Cannibalism
Second homicide crosses the line
The third family brother
Ask Los Angeles
Which of these 3 are guilty of?
Hmm, you're so embarrassed.
Your private life is chaotic
Seduce the Lord of Good Times
Isn't that a shame for the co-owner?
You ordered your mother to put me and Xuemei in prison
Isn't this not a kinsman?
When you hit someone with a car
hit and run
Isn't that killing makes it worse?
There's no point in kicking you out of my house
Even if you invite all the elders
You will also be kicked out of the Luo family
Hmph, you really will fall black and white
May I ask about these charges you have made?
Which one has evidence?
Luo Yingxue, stop struggling
You were kicked out of Luo's house, which is already a terrible thing
What's the use in your China?
Good idea.
Then I'd like to see who gets kicked out of the camel
Fragrant
Miss Pan Jinlong
Tell them.
Who sent you to kill me?
Miss Li Gaolong
It's Liang Kun and Camel Mei
Do you hear me?
Luo Sanye
Who will kill each other in the same clan?
You are talking nonsense.
Who are you? I don't even know you.
Don't slander me here